use your blinker hey whats up guys Dane
here once again and we're gonna play a
little lane splitter if you haven't
played this game it's very simple as
most iphone games are you just control a
motorcycle by tilting the unit back and
course and try and dodge don't run into
the side of the road what was that
concrete barrier doing there it just it
jumped out at me you guys saw it what it
just it jumped out and I almost did it
um but anyways yes you just got traffic
that's what you do and then 7 second we
leave that's right if you hold down on
the screen will do a wheelie and the
longer you do a wheelie but you'll get
bonus points for it I have to say though
this game is not like real life because
people in real life don't use their
blinkers when they are about to change
lanes you've been on the interstate you
know whenever somebody wants to change
lanes what they do is they wait till
you're almost right there and then they
pull out in front of you just no blinker
or anything that's that's how it that's
how it goes in real life no there's none
of this blinker crap that's going on
here which you know drives me crazy i
freakin hate people that dont use
blinkers so if you don't use blinkers
you better start or else I'm gonna have
to hate you because you should not have
a driver's license if you can't use a
blinker it's like it's it's one hand
movement it takes literally a fraction
of a second to flip that little that
little arm on the side of your steering
wheel to turn the blinker on that's all
it takes that's literally it takes a
fraction of a second so if you don't use
your blinker you are a jerk I'm putting
that out there right now you know why
blinkers are good and you know why we
have them so other people know what you
are going to do that's that's the whole
premise behind it to let other people
know that hey I'm going to turn
it's not hard it's not hard and almost
equally as infuriating is people that
leave their blinkers on and you just you
follow them for freaking 10 miles and
they've still got their blinker on and
my favorite my favorite is when someone
leaves like the right blinker on and
then they turn left with the right
blinker on have you ever seen that oh my
god that drives me crazy what what's
your biggest pet peeve about other
people driving oh god squeezed yes okay
what drives you the craziest when when
driving let me know in the comments
below ah denied all right so let me know
in the comments below what drives you
the most crazy about other drivers ask
for thumbs as always and I might give
them to you as always guys say no to
drugs say yes to blankers